h1. Redmine Etherpad Auth

Basically the same as "this plugin":https://github.com/draexler/redmine_etherpad and "the original plugin":https://github.com/yourcelf/redmine_etherpad 

h2. Requirements

* Redmine 2.1+ ("previous versions":https://github.com/yourcelf/redmine_etherpad)
* etherpad-lite (API >= 1)

h2. Installation

Navigate to:
<pre>cd ${REDMINE_BASE_DIR}/vendors/plugins
git clone git://github.com/toanju/redmine_etherpad.git redmine_etherpad_auth
</pre>

(The redmine_etherpad_auth in the end is important, otherwise you overwrite the original.)


h2. Macro: etherpad()

To use, just add @{{etherpad(nameOfPad)}}@ to the issue/wiki/page in which to embed a pad.

Requires at least one argument, the name of the etherpad to embed.

Other arguments should be listed in "key=val" format, and include:

* @width@: the width of the iframe (e.g. "640px", "100%"), default=640px.
* @height@: the height of the iframe (e.g. ("800px"), default=480px.
* @showControls@: true/false (default true)
* @showChat@: true/false (default true)
* @showLineNumbers@: true/false (default false)
* @useMonospaceFont@: true/false (default false)
* @noColors@: true/false (default false)
* @apiKey@: "your_etherpad_api_key"
* @verifySSL@: true/false (default true)

Example:

<pre><code>{{etherpad(myHotPad, useMonospaceFont=true, width=100%)}}</code></pre>

h2. Configuration

Add an "etherpad" configuration section to "config/configuration.yml" in which you define the etherpad host to use and the API key:

<pre><code>default:
  etherpadauth:
    host: https://etherpad.example.com
    apiKey: "your_etherpad_api_key"
</code></pre>

